Add info where to find security keys (#26890)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/zwave_js.markdown

S2 security does not impose additional network traffic and provides additional benefits, such as detecting packet corruption. By default, Z-Wave attempts S2 security during inclusion if supported, falling back to S0 security only when necessary.

#### Where can I see the security keys in the Z-Wave JS add-on?

> After the initial setup of the Z-Wave controller, you can view the security keys in the Z-Wave JS add-on. Go to {% my supervisor_addon addon="core_zwave_js" title="**Settings > **Add-ons** > **Z-Wave JS**" %} and open the **Configuration** tab. You can now see the network security key and the S0 and S2 security keys.

Reviewer: Only 4 keys are relevant, the 3 S2 keys and the S0 key.
"Network key" is a legacy config setting, identical to the S0 key.

Author: thank you, @AlCalzone :+1: . Updated section.

> After initial setup of the Z-Wave controller, you can view the security keys in the Z&#8209;Wave&nbsp;JS add-on. Go to <a class="my" href=" https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=core_zwave_js" target="_blank"><b>Settings</b> > <b>Add-ons</b> > <b>Z-Wave JS</b></a> and open the <b>Configuration</b> tab. You can now see nee the network security key as well as the S0 and S2 security keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the initial setup of the Z-Wave controller, you can view the security keys in the Z-Wave JS add-on. Go to {% my supervisor_addon addon="core_zwave_js" title="**Settings > **Add-ons** > **Z-Wave JS**" %} and open the **Configuration** tab. You can now see the network security key and the S0 and S2 security keys.
```
